doc: add known issues related to  machine learning (#8933)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/known_issues.rst

  **Workaround:** Manually cherry-pick and apply the commit with the fix from the ``main`` branch (commit hash: ``4870fcd8316bd3a4b53ca0054f0ce35e1a8c567d``).

.. rst-class:: v2-1-0

> NCSDK-16644: Machine learning application does not go to slepp and does not wake up on Thingy:53

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NCSDK-16644: :ref:`nrf_machine_learning_app` does not go to sleep and does not wake up on Thingy:53
```

>   Application on Thingy53 does not go to sleep after a period o non activity and does not wake up after an activity occurs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Application on Thingy53 does not go to sleep after a period of inactivity and does not wake up after an activity occurs.
```

>   Application on Thingy53 does not go to sleep after a period o non activity and does not wake up after an activity occurs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  nRF Machine learning application on Thingy:53 does not sleep after a period of inactivity and does not wake up after an activity occurs.
```

>   **Workaround:** Manually cherry-pick and apply two commits with the fix from the ``main`` branch (commits hashs: ``7381bfcb9c23cd6f78e6ef7fd3ff82b700f81b0f``, ``7e8c23a6632632f0cee885abe955e37a6942911d``` ).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **Workaround:** Manually cherry-pick and apply two commits with the fix from the ``main`` branch (commit hashes: ``7381bfcb9c23cd6f78e6ef7fd3ff82b700f81b0f``, ``7e8c23a6632632f0cee885abe955e37a6942911d``` ).
```

>   **Workaround:** Manually cherry-pick and apply two commits with the fix from the ``main`` branch (commit hashes: ``7381bfcb9c23cd6f78e6ef7fd3ff82b700f81b0f``, ``7e8c23a6632632f0cee885abe955e37a6942911d``` ).

Reviewer 3: Remove space before `)`

>   **Workaround:** Manually cherry-pick and apply two commits with the fix from the ``main`` branch (commit hashes: ``7381bfcb9c23cd6f78e6ef7fd3ff82b700f81b0f``, ``7e8c23a6632632f0cee885abe955e37a6942911d``` ).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **Workaround:** Manually cherry-pick and apply two commits with the fix from the ``main`` branch (commit hashes: ``7381bfcb9c23cd6f78e6ef7fd3ff82b700f81b0f``, ``7e8c23a6632632f0cee885abe955e37a6942911d``).
```

>   **Workaround:** Manually cherry-pick and apply the commit with the fix from the ``main`` branch (commit hash: ``4870fcd8316bd3a4b53ca0054f0ce35e1a8c567d``).

Reviewer 3: Fix commit message: double space before `machine` and `:` instead of `.` at the end of the sentence.

.. rst-class:: v2-1-0

> NCSDK-16644: Machine learning application does not sleep on Thingy:53

Reviewer 3: Do we need a separate issue for CAF sensor manager? (the module can be used outside of ML app)

btw. Maybe we could combine these 2 as `power management issues on Thngy:53` ? Users would not actually replicate wake up issue, because their Thingy:53 would never go to sleep.

  Application does not sleep on Thingy:53 after being inactive.

  **Workaround:** Manually cherry-pick and apply the commit with the fix from the ``main`` branch (commit hash: ``7e8c23a6632632f0cee885abe955e37a6942911d``).

.. rst-class:: v2-1-0

NCSDK-16644: Machine learning application does not wake up on Thingy:53

>   Application does not wake up on Thingy:53 after some activity occures.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Application does not wake up on Thingy:53 after an activity occurs.
```

  **Workaround:** Make sure your application includes the devicetree overlay file in which PWM period is decreased.
  For example, include the following commit to solve the issue for the :ref:`nrf_machine_learning_app` application for Nordic Thingy:53: ``fa2b57cddbaacf393c77def5d0302e1a45138d21``.

.. rst-class:: v2-1-0

> NCSDK-16644: Sensor manager macro incorrectly converts float to sensor value

Reviewer 3: Please add reference to CAF sensor manager.

>   Sensor manager macro ``FLOAT_TO_SENSOR_VALUE`` converts float to sensor value incorrectly.

Reviewer 3: :c:macro:`FLOAT_TO_SENSOR_VALUE`

Reviewer 3: `Sensor manager macro :c:macro:`FLOAT_TO_SENSOR_VALUE` converts float to sensor value incorrectly, because of missing brackets around macro argument.`

Reviewer: I would keep this as backticks as the macro don't have an entry in the API documentation and will not link.
